Update markbind-action to enhance existing features (#1)
MarkBind/markbind-action: README.md

  - See [here](https://markbind.org/userGuide/deployingTheSite.html#previewing-prs-using-surge) for a detailed guide on how to retrieve the token

### service
Currently two types of publishing services are supported:
- GitHub Pages
  - 'gh-pages'
  - See [here](https://markbind.org/userGuide/deployingTheSite.html#publishing-to-github-pages) for more details
- Surge.sh
  - 'surge'
  - See [here](https://surge.sh/) for more details

### purpose
The purpose of the deployment. This can be either standard deployment or for PR previewing.
- Standard deployment
  - 'deployment'
  - This is the default value
- PR preview
  - 'pr-preview'
  - This is used when you want to build and preview a site when there is a PR made to the repository. Note that this does not work for PR from a fork(due to security reasons)

### domain
The domain that the site is available at. Required if service chosen is surge. Surge.sh allows you to specify a subdomain as long as it is not taken up by others.

- 'xxx.surge.sh'
  - A typical domain that you can specify. You have to ensure that 'xxx' is unique. Read [here](https://surge.sh/help/adding-a-custom-domain) on how to configure a custom domain with Surge.sh

> - 'pr-x-domain'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'pr-x-<domain>'
```

>   - Note that for PR Preview purposes, the domain will be prefixed with 'pr-x', which 'x' is the GitHub event number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note that for PR Preview purposes, the domain you specify will be prefixed with 'pr-x-', where 'x' is the GitHub event number
```

>   - Note that for PR Preview purposes, the domain will be prefixed with 'pr-x', which 'x' is the GitHub event number

Reviewer: One more question / suggestion: Is this action able to automatically cleanup merged PR deployments? If not, could also add a reminder on this to manually do so.

Author: For PR deployments (via Surge), the deployment will not be automatically deleted. This may be possible but the user will need to create another action to trigger the deletion on PR merge/close following this [instruction](https://surge.sh/help/tearing-down-a-project). I guess I can create that as a reusable workflow and link the usage here so that users can choose to include that additional step if needed.

>   - You will need to specify what 'domain' is

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### version
The MarkBind version to use to build the site.
- 'latest'
  - This is the latest published version of MarkBind

> - 'master'

Reviewer: would `'development'` be more apt?

>   - This is the latest, possibly unpublished version of MarkBind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This is the latest, possibly unpublished version of MarkBind in development
```

> - 'X.Y.Z'

Reviewer: does this support semantic versioning? might be good to add a note if so

Author: Yup will add that.

According to [this](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/commands/npm-install) (internally installing via npm install) it should support version ranges. I tried doing something like `npm install cross-env@^7.0.0` or `npm install cross-env@~7.0.0` and both seem to work as well so I guess semantic versioning is also fine.

  - This is the version of MarkBind with the specified version number
  - A sample version number is '3.1.1'

### keepFiles
Whether to keep the files in the published branch before pushing. This is a boolean parameter.
- false
  - This is the default value
- true

>   - This will make the published branch keep the existing files before an update is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This will preserve any existing files in the published branch before an update is made.
```

      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          baseUrl: '/mb-test'
          version: '3.1.1'
```
The above script builds the site from the repository's root directory, with baseUrl of '/mb-test' ('mb-test' is the repository name), with MarkBind version 3.1.1.

Then, it will deploy the site to GitHub Pages. It runs everytime there is a push to the repository.

# Scenarios
## Deploy to Github Pages on push to main
```yaml
name: MarkBind Action

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs: 
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          version: '3.1.1'
```

## Deploy to Surge.sh
```yaml
name: MarkBind Action

on: [push]

jobs: 
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.SURGE_TOKEN }}
          service: 'surge'
          domain: 'mb-test.surge.sh'
```

> Note that if you are using custom domain, you will need to ensure that it is configured with Surge.sh.

Reviewer: Let's move this note up to the `domain` option. Perhaps we could also add a note on setting up subdomains for pr previews (I'm assuming, not too familiar with surge).

on: [push]

jobs: 
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          version: 'master'
```
'master' is specified so that the site is built with the latest (possibly unpublished) version of MarkBind.

## Build with files that is not at the root level of the repository
```yaml
name: MarkBind Action

on: [push]

jobs: 
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          rootDirectory: './docs'
```

## PR Preview for PRs made following a branching workflow
```yaml
name: MarkBind Action

on:
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - master

jobs: 
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build & Deploy to GitHub Pages
        uses: MarkBind/markbind-action@master
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.SURGE_TOKEN }}
          service: 'surge'
          purpose: 'pr-preview'
          domain: 'mb-test.surge.sh'
```

> ## Underlying Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Behind the Scenes
```

> Besides some processing bash scripts, this action is composed of the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides processing a few bash scripts, this action utilises the following actions:
```

# markbind-action
A GitHub Action that builds and deploys your MarkBind site.

## Option Summary

Option        | Required |                      Default | Remarks
:-------------|:--------:|-----------------------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> token         |   yes    |                              | The token to be used for the service

Reviewer 2: Really minor suggestion: Would it be better to make the `Option`s link to their respective `Option Details` section? I think this can help the users to quickly look at the detailed description to get the possible values etc.

service       |    no    |                 `'gh-pages'` | The publishing service to deploy the site
purpose       |    no    |               `'deployment'` | The deployment purpose

> domain        |    no    |                         `''` | The domain that the site is available at. Required if service chosen is surge or the purpose is PR preview

Reviewer: same edits here for `purpose / domain`

  - Deployment to GitHub Pages might take 5-10 minutes before the site is available/refreshed
- Token for Surge.sh
  - Example: `${{ secrets.SURGE_TOKEN }}`
    - `SURGE_TOKEN` is the environment secret name
  - Require registration with an email address
  - After retrieving the token, put the token as a repository secret in your
  - See [here](https://markbind.org/userGuide/deployingTheSite.html#previewing-prs-using-surge) for a detailed guide on how to retrieve the token

### service
Currently two types of publishing services are supported:
- GitHub Pages
  - `'gh-pages'`
  - See [here](https://markbind.org/userGuide/deployingTheSite.html#publishing-to-github-pages) for more details
- Surge.sh
  - `'surge'`
  - See [here](https://surge.sh/) for more details

### purpose
The purpose of the deployment. This can be either standard deployment or for PR previewing.
- Standard deployment
  - `'deployment'`
  - This is the default value
- PR preview
  - `'pr-preview'`

>   - This is used if you want to build and preview the updated site whenever there is a PR made to the repository. Note that this does not work for PR from a fork (due to security reasons)

Reviewer: Let's add a note that this is for `service=surge` only as well

### domain

> The domain that the site is available at. Required if service chosen is Surge(also if the purpose is PR preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain that the site is available at. Required if service chosen is Surge.
```
(relevant for both pr preview / deployment if i'm not mistaken)
